the NASA Ipek teacher archive research
program or nighter
pairs small groups of educators with
research astronomers with whom they
engage an authentic scientific research
over a year for the selected teachers
the program begins at the annual
American Astronomical Society meeting at
the beginning of January which is the
largest meeting for astronomers every
year there they get a sense of how
scientific research is presented and
also where they receive an orientation
and are paired up with a mentor
astronomer during the following year
they do most of the work on their
project remotely using resources such as
email telecoms and web-based tools the
program includes a summer visit to
Caltech for several days in which they
intensively work on their project the
team of teachers students and scientists
presents their results at the next
American Astronomical Society meeting
the following January here are examples
of how students and teachers feel that
my talk has affected them and has
changed their view of science the most
memorable experience of nights harp was
when we all got together in Pasadena in
August and really started hashing out
some of this information I've been
involved in many different professional
development activities and this is by
far the best one I've ever done
throughout this project I've learned
that science isn't just about doing
research it's also about building
relationships it was a lot of fun to see
the students working with other students
from around the country as one team the
most memorable thing to me during this
whole process has been getting to meet
so many interesting people the teachers
that I've been working with the students
I've been working with
scientists the project definitely has
changed my attitude toward science
research because I've learned it's more
accessible than I originally thought it
was the higher-level thinking was
brought to a level that I feel I could
understand and it's raised my confidence
in being able to is duct science
research and bring it directly to my
classroom prior to attending this
program I wasn't exactly very
comfortable in the field of science
however after being a participant of
this program my level of confidence has
gone up astronomically here we are for a
day a few hours standing in front of our
condensed version of our works but able
to present that to all the people that
are here and wondering by showing
interest in what we've done in the
program is all it's really helped me to
realize that I can be a participant even
though I don't have a PhD I can actually
do research myself and teach other
people how to do research it was a
really great experience to be at the
place that is renowned for its
astronomical research in terms of a
professional educator the night our
program has seriously changed my view of
how science should be taught in a high
school classroom and I look forward to
modeling my teaching based on this night
soccer experience
if you would like to do research using
astronomical data from NASA's based
telescopes then come join the night art
team visit our website applications are
solicited annually